# DmTools by VTG

This is a unique software, that i decided to make, because i couldn't
find anything that would work natively on desktop, without any payment
or nessesity to open browser. So, here it is! Its aimed on dungeon
masters, who would like to make their life easier and get rid of dozens
of tabs with different random generators or information, because this
app is going to have them all! \## Updates Alpha is going to get updates
weekly, public beta (not out yet) is going to be updated monthly. Or not
, what do you want from me, im just a depressed girl locked in her room
xdddd, follow me on tg to get the latest news. Release is going to be
available as soon as i will think its ready. if you want to get the
latest build (highly unstable tho) you can build the program from alpha
branch yourself. \## Contacts \* updates and news:
https://t.me/dmtoolsbyvtg \* bug reports and chatting:
https://t.me/dmtoolschat \* reddit: https://reddit.com/r/dmtools \##
Plans for future and already finished features - \[x\] Initiative
tracker - \[x\] Music, ambient noises and sound effects - \[x\]
Character lists to keep track on your players - \[x\] Ability to change
music/sound's sourse - \[x\] Notes & to-do - \[ \] Npc generator -
almost ready - \[ \] Npc lists - almost ready - \[x\] Second-screen
image control - almost ready - \[ \] Embedded YT player (for music, if
you prefer streaming instead of .mp3s) - almost ready - \[ \] Calculator
for important formulas - \[ \] Dice - \[ \] Guidebook with short
descriptions of the most important stuff - \[ \] town/inn/tavern
randomizers - \[ \] Dark theme - \[ \] Sounds and music library - \[ \]
Localization - \[ \] and a looooooot of other features and ui
customization. Also im thinking about making an embedded interactive map
creator (i have a touchscreen display just for them, usually i make them
in powerpoint, but i dunno, thats plans for a veeeerrryy distant future)
\## Free and open-sourse forever i have no plans to monetize this app in
any way, i think that we should have more free software \## First
glance: (outdated)
![image](https://github.com/thegoosewiththebowtie/dmtools/assets/153792474/7242a83b-2e29-4cbe-82f3-a9a28fd38869)
![image](https://github.com/thegoosewiththebowtie/dmtools/assets/153792474/45e7846e-d9af-44ea-bfb7-cdd677da503b)
![image](https://github.com/thegoosewiththebowtie/dmtools/assets/153792474/df03594f-2782-4160-b200-f9fa80394fc4)
